docs: intercp mention (#1226)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/_src/networking/networking.md

    * `5680`: the HTTP server that returns the health status and metrics of the control-plane.
    * `5681`: the HTTP API server that is being used by `kumactl`, and that you can also use to retrieve {{site.mesh_product_name}}'s policies and - when running in `universal` - that you can use to apply new policies. It also exposes the {{site.mesh_product_name}} GUI at `/gui`
    * `5682`: HTTPS version of the services available under `5681`

>     * `5683`: gRPC Intercommunication CP server used internally by Kuma to communicate between CP instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `5683`: gRPC Intercommunication CP server used internally by {{site.mesh_product_name}} to communicate between CP instances.
```

    * `5680`: the HTTP server that returns the health status of the control-plane.
    * `5681`: the HTTP API server that is being used by `kumactl`, and that you can also use to retrieve {{site.mesh_product_name}}'s policies and - when running in `universal` - that you can use to apply new policies. Manipulating the dataplane resources is not possible. It also exposes the {{site.mesh_product_name}} GUI at `/gui`
    * `5682`: HTTPS version of the services available under `5681`

>     * `5683`: gRPC Intercommunication CP server used internally by Kuma to communicate between CP instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `5683`: gRPC Intercommunication CP server used internally by {{site.mesh_product_name}} to communicate between CP instances.
```

    * `5680`: the HTTP server that returns the health status of the control-plane.
    * `5681`: the HTTP API server that is being used by `kumactl`, and that you can also use to retrieve {{site.mesh_product_name}}'s policies and - when running in `universal` - you can only manage the dataplane resources.
    * `5682`: HTTPS version of the services available under `5681`

>     * `5683`: gRPC Intercommunication CP server used internally by Kuma to communicate between CP instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `5683`: gRPC Intercommunication CP server used internally by {{site.mesh_product_name}} to communicate between CP instances.
```
